[ Thunderclap]
[Horn Blasting]
[ Thunder Rumb/Ing ]
[Gasps]
[ Car Horn Hon/(mg ]
[ Honk/ng C ont/nues ]
See, in science class
we like to call it momentum.
Youjust need
a little momentum, Dad.
Traffic sucks.
You’re avoiding
the conversation.
I mean, have you even
taken a woman out
since you and Mom split up?
Not your department.
I’mjust saying,
you need to stop dwelling
in the past.
You need to forge on,
fight the good fight.
Where do you get this crap?
Oprah, mostly.
[Siren Blares]
[Engine Off]
Where are you going?
Hey. Hi, guys.
What happened here?
An accident.
Woman was playing around and fell.
- It was an accident, was it?
- Yea/7.
So, not an accident then.
What was it, a murder?
Move along, pal.
Not murder.
Was it suicide?
It was a suicide.
Oi!
Da/e/
What are you doing here?
It’s been a while.
Zoe tells me you’re well.
Well, she always
thinks I’m well.
Still overcharging the city and everyone else
for stuffthat’s unusable in court?
You still offering my wife
unsolicited marital advice?
Ex-wife.
- EX-wife.
- What are you doing here, Cal?
What’s the US. Attorney’s office
doing investigating suicide?
We’re not investigating.
We’rejust asking questions.
A girl jumped oﬁ‘z‘nl's bridge,
and hers/ster jumped oﬁ‘
three days ago.
Two sistersjumped off
the same bridge?
We’re asking questions,
that’s all.
You know, two girls generally don’t
kill themselves in exactly the same way,
during the same week,
without a reason.
- People kill themselves
because they’re depressed.
- Not always, and not in pairs.
- What if something else
happened to these sisters?
- Something like what?
/ don ’t know. What ifsomebody
did something to them?
Ha ve you talked
to the lam/7y?
Yeah, I already did.
They came over from India
to claim the bodies.
But we don’t need you
st/rnng them up,
so stay out of it. Okay?
Come on.
Let’s get you to school.
So, you know
what happened?
Not yet, no.
But you’re gonna
find out?
Yeah.
Didn’t you used to
study suicides?
Still do.
[Phone R/ng/ng ]
[ C hatter/ng ]
I don’t know why
you’re so interested
in this, Cal.
[Man]
That ’s ja ya.
She’s I 8 years old
And Dhara, she’s 20.
They were so young.
- They were our rasha.
- That’s your hope. Right?
- You know Hindi?
-Just a bit.
- And you work for the police?
- Sometimes.
I was told the police
weren’t going to investigate.
You have any idea
what kind of work your sisters
were doing over here?
My sisters came to America
two years ago on travel visas,
but they stayed to work
and send money home.
[ Woman Speak/ng H/ndl']
I understand how you feel.
Ifthere’s anyone
to blame for this, I’ll find ’em.
Okay?
[Man]
Louise Mason, November 25.
[Louise]
I want the weekend
to go home to my children.
It’s my husband’s birthday
and, well, we always celebrate.
[Man]
Are you feeling better?
Every day.
Much better.
[Man ]
Ho W ha ve you been sleeping?
[ t ouise ]
l/e/y, my well. Um—
Probably getting
at least eight hours a night.
[Man]
And ho W’s your appetite?
Rea/Av good/
I’m eating well, and / can’t wait
to have chocolate cake!
[Man]
That’s wonderful, Louise.
And tell me, how do you feel
about seeing your family again?
[Gasps]
So muchjoy.
I know I’m going to cry
when | see them again.
/miss them terribly.
/’// bake a chocolate cake,
just like / do eve/y year,
[Knocking]
and I’ll put a dozen
perfect flowers on it.
[ Projector Motor Off]
What have you got?
We finished uploading
the cell phone footage
ofyour suicide victims.
Okay.
- What was that in there?
- Nothing much.
That lady looked so sad.
Yeah.
[Beeping]
I don’t want to be
on the tape, Dhara.
Put it on the other.
You hold it then.
I still don’t understand
what we’re doing
investigating these suicides.
Well, two sisters
jump offthe same bridge
within the same week.
I’m gonna find out why.
There.
You see that?
Eyes down and away
That’s shame.
There it is again.
Yeah, shame
on the other sister too.
Exactly the same expression.
You know, agony
is what we normally see...
in suicide victims.
Shame is something else.
Maybe they’re ashamed
because ofthe pain they’ll cause
their family ifthey kill themselves.
Maybe they’re ashamed of
something they did or something
that was done to them.
We found
the immigration office...
where the Ashraf sisters
got their visas renewed—
northeast division.
Good!
Yeah, I had the feeling
those girls were going to stay illegally.
They’re here on [-1 travel visas,
and wanted to renew.
Any idea where they
were living, Mr. Personick?
Nope
How about work?
Well, there’s nothing
in the file.
Used to be nanny and cleaning
for the aliens,
but now everyone
wants to go above-board
with their domestics.
So, how do these “aliens”
findjobs?
The Koreans usually head to the nail salons,
Russians to the waxing places...
Is there anything
you’re not sharing with us
about these sisters?
- No.
- You’re lying.
What are you talking about?
- What’s your wife’s name?
- What?
Your wife.
What’s her name?
It’s Beth. Why?
I’m gonna tell her
the world’s leading expert on lying
thinks you’re cheating on her.
- Wanna get me that number?
- Yeah, sure.
- I’m not cheating on my wife.
- That’s true.
But then she’s never
gonna look at you
the same again, is she?
This is ridiculous.
The only reason I’m talking
to you is because P.D. asked
my boss to do them a favor.
- Excuse me, please.
- All right. Beth Personick.
We’ll be in touch.
All right, wait. Wait.
[Whispers]
Damn it.
I saw them onstage
at the Naked Veil.
They were stripping?
I saw them dancing a few times.
Must have worked there for a few months.
So why’d you lie to us?
Sometimes I go to the clubs
during work hours. All right?
You’re not gonna call my wife,
are you?
,r,/‘[ Techno Dance]
That’s too bad
about those girls.
When was the last time
you saw the Ashraf sisters?
/a ya, not since
they quit a year ago.
/ didn ’t speak to her,
but / sa w the older one, Dhara,
on the street
maybe four or five months ago.
How long did the sisters
work here?
Uh, six months.
| wish I could help, but I don’t know
much else about these girls.
Here’s the thing.
A lot of my work is filming people
without them knowing it.
You’ve got—
You’ve got one of the best camera systems
on the market up here...
filming eve/ything these girls
are doing on this stage.
They didn’t know you were
filming them? What is it,
some kind of Internet feed?
That’s it, right?
You know, pornography
is illegal in India.
One ofthe few things
they outsource here.
Did the Ashrafsisters know
you were filming them?
| tell you what.
Let’s tell all the dancers in this place
exactly what you’re up to!
-See how they react, eh?
-I was only testing the Web site
when the sisters were here.
But you were filming them.
Right?
Until they quit, yes.
Jaya and Dhara did not
want to be so famous, I suppose.
Shame, too,
because they could have made
a lot of money for all of us.
They came in
screaming bloody hell at me.
Her brother called from Calcutta
to say that he had seen them
naked on the videos.
He told those girls
that they were dead to the family
and could never come home.
They are terrible
to women back there.
Barbaric.
Yeah, spoken
like a true feminist.
Yeah,hi
Department of Health?
I’d like to report
an outbreak of syphilis.
Yeah.
There you go, love.
Yeah, / ’m in a strip joint.
The Naked I/eil. Southeast
J‘J‘ [Continues]
I won’t stand for
this blackening ofour name.
Did you threaten your sisters
after seeing them on the Web site?
They disrespected
the memory ofour father.
Okay? Every man in India
could see what only
their husbands should see!
They were filmed
without their knowledge,
and they were sending
money home to you.
Instead of comforting them,
you gave them enough rope
to hang themselves with.
Jaya and Dhara meant everything
to my father.
He trusted me to
take care ofthem when he died.
- I think you killed ’em.
- No, no. | di— No!
/ prayed for guidance.
God answered. He told me I must
make amends, so I called them
and begged forgiveness.
They granted it to me. Okay?
We mo ved past. We made peace.
Young Indian girljustjumped
onto the third rail of
the subway tracks an hour ago.
Another suicide?
[Whispers]
Yeah.
Okay, we got three suicides
within one week.
All young Indian girls.
What’s the connection?
There’s no evidence
ofany connection
between the Ashraf sisters...
and the third victim,
Rajal Lamba.
All right, well, where’s Foster?
She’s out on the SEC. case.
Why haven’t these suicides
been on the news?
Because the media believes
that publicizing suicides
leads to copycats.
The year after Marilyn Monroe
killed herself,
suicides went up 10%.
Same for Kurt Cobain.
It’s called the Werther effect.
So is it possible that
the first girl killed herself
and the other two were copycats?
- That’s what the cops think.
- What about Rajal?
Any strip club connection?
No, and she wasn’t
on the Internet site.
- What else we got? Anybody?
- No connections between
the 3rd victim and the Ashrafsisters.
Get Foster to call me.
I need to talk to her.
Where the hell is she anyway?
She’s out at the SEC.—
Are you with us here?
[ Woman] Who the hell
steals from charity?
[Shouﬁng]
[Man ]
/ want my pension back!
Hol/in is a crook/
All the money is gone.
I provided the names
ofall my foreign companies
to the SEC. weeks ago.
You provided them with the names
ofthree investment management
companies you had a stake in,
but a lot of people believe
there are many more.
Losses my company incurs
are my responsibility,
but the idea that
/’m hiding more money
is ludicrous.
My father’s talked to
10 different people today
and told them the same thing.
He’s gonna answer
our questions.
What is wrong
with you people?
He’s fully cooperated.
You know he’s not well.
He ’5 in his third round
of chemo, for God’s sake.
Those people outside
might get their wish
sooner than they think.
Did you ever stop to think
maybe there’s a reason
they hate you so much?
I was carrying losses forward, son,
and / had eve/y intention
ofpaying the money back
in a couple of good quarters.
I’m not stealing anything.
- You mean you weren’t
stealing anything.
- That’s what I said.
Did you hear him
change verb tenses...
every time he talked about
whether there was any money left?
He kept shifting from
the past to the present
and back again.
But that doesn’t change the fact
that he’s gonna go to a country
club prison for five years...
and he’s never gonna
give up the money.
Mr. Hollin is dying.
He’s not gonna make it two years
in the prison health system.
Maybe he’s protecting
his daughter’s inheritance.
Okay, but he’s
still not gonna tell us
where the money is.
If he’s saving the money
for his daughter,
then she must know something
about how to access it.
Okay, so we get back in
with the devil’s spawn...
and we see
what she knows.
“The devil’s spawn”?
What is with you on this one?
This pompous douche bag
flies around the country
on his privatejet,
he gets people to give him
their hard-earned money— steals it—
and then they act like
we are persecuting him.
- I’m talking to the daughter alone.
- What? Why?
Ifshe keeps sensing
how much you hate her father,
we’ll get nothing.
So, where are we on video?
We’ve got Rajal on video
on the subway platform,
but it’s being held from us
by a US. attorney who’s got
some issue with us— well, you.
Just do yourjob.
Get it.]ust get it.
Where you been?
Can I talk to you
for a minute?
/’m a little busy right now
Could have used you
a couple hours ago.
I called you I think twice.
Just a minute.
Please?
W-What do you want?
I’m on my way to meet
with Carolyn Hollin.
Ijust wanted to make sure
that you were okay.
-|’m fantastic.
-’Cause I can put Hollin on hold
till things quiet down here.
- You didn’t make it to
your meeting with the mayor.
- I canceled it.
No, actually, you didn’t,
and it’s been on the books
for three weeks.
- But I meant to cancel it.
- Cal.
Go mother someone else.
Everyone back to work,
please.
[All Chattering]
Hey.
How’s it going in there?
Ah, this whole thing’s
a little weird, ifyou ask me.
What about it?
Oh, I don’t know.
Investigating suicides
in the first place.
Yeah.
Lightman’s thing.
Yeah. Yesterday he was
watching some old video
ofa British woman...
when I walked into his office.
I want the weekend
to go home to my children.
It’s my husband’s birthday
and, well, we always celebrate.
[Eli]
Brown hair.7About 40?
Yeah.
Lightman probably spent
about a thousand hours
watching that film.
Oh, I’ll bake a chocolate cake,
just like I do every year.
Her name is Louise Mason.
She was a patient
ofone of Lightman’s professors
when he was in grad school.
She had been
in the psych ward about a month
when that was recorded
She told the professor
she was ﬁne.
And you’ve been
feeling better?
Every day.
- Much better.
- But no one could see
she was actually in agony.
tightman finally got the idea to
slow down the ﬁlm. That’s when
he saw the agony on her face.
That’s what led him
to discover microexpressions
in the first place.
Well, I— I hope they didn’t let
that woman offthe psych ward.
She got a pass home
for the weekend
and killed herself.
They didn ’t know to look
for microexpressions then.
Nobody knew they existed
It’s sad how my father
has become the scapegoat
for this country’s problems.
He didn’t cause
the recession.
No, he didn’t.
He’s one man
who made a mistake.
Now it’s gonna haunt
our family forever.
You worked
right by his side.
I’m sure you’re upset
he lied to you too.
/ know what it’s like
to be disappointed b ya father.
Mine drank his way through
my childhood and spent his life
trying to make it up to me.
Don’t try to analyze me
or my father. You don’t know
anything about us.
He’s still hiding
some ofthe money for you
and your children, isn’t he?
Of course not.
You’re telling the truth.
- So what is he hiding?
- Nothing.
But no one
will believe him.
They want to crucify him.
They call him
the Hit/er of Wall Street.
[Carolyn] Nothing good can
ever happen to our family now.
It’s been a horror.
Carolyn used
negative emotion words
every time she spoke.
“Hell. Scapegoat. Haunt.
Hitler. Worthless. Crucify.”
All psychological indicators
ofa guilty conscience.
But she showed no signs of lying
when she said her father wasn’t
hiding the money for them.
No, she didn’t.
What if she’s
hiding the money?
The SEC. cleared her,
but only because
her father took the blame.
Maybe he’s taking the blame
for everything...
to hide whatever part
his daughter had in this scheme.
If his daughter was guilty,
a man like Hollin wouldn’t
hesitate to eat his young.
Look at a man like
he’s the devil and you’ll
never understand his motives.
Well, everyone knows
he’s a liar.
Then we listen to him lie.
Here are the articles
for Carolyn Hollin
and herfather.
Thanks. Now get back
to helping Lightman.
Whatever he needs.
Uh, this suicide thing?
What about it?
I saw him watching
the film ofthat woman,
Louise Mason,
and Lokertold me
how she was a patient
of Lightman’s professor.
-Yeah?
- I saw him looking at her.
He showed guilt all over his face.
Just because you can see
everything doesn’t mean
you understand it.
I don’t think she was
his professor’s patient.
I think she was his patient.
What if he’s the one
who didn’t see it
and let her offthe psych ward?
Leave it alone.
Hey. You okay?
Yeah, I’m good.
Ijust figured you’d be
working late, so I brought
your favorite Pad Thai.
- Nice.
- You know, I thought you
were gonna come home.
Got a lot ofwork
here, love.
You really should try
opening up to me.
- What is that? Oprah?
- Ehh, it might be.
So, are these the two girls
thatjumped off the bridge?
Yeah.
Hey, do you remember,
uh, that girl at my school who,
she took all those pills...
and killed herself?
I-I didn’t really
know her very well,
but she was in my art class...
and she used to paint
these really colorful oil paintings.
Like, just, you know,
shapes, really.
I wonder sometimes ifanyone
could have stopped her.
What?
Nothing.
[ Kisses]
You shouldn’t think
about that stuff, love.
What am I supposed to
think about?
Celibacy.
[Scoffs]
[Grunts]
Food. Here. Eat it.
I love you, Em.
Only reason I’m here is because
Zoe asked me to help you.
She’s a lot more forgiving
than I would ever be.
Yeah? Well, she’s
the mother of my daughter.
We’ve all got things to
forgive, haven’t we, love?
What have we got?
Your third suicide victim,
Rajal Lamba.
This is what you saw on the
videotape. It’s a ring ofskin
pigmentation called melasma.
It’s the mask of pregnancy,
right?
Exactly.
It’s a common
hormonal side effect.
The autopsy revealed
that she gave birth
approximately a month ago.
What about
the Ashrafsisters?
We finished autopsies
on both ofthem.
Each gave birth
in the last two months.
All three ofthem?
Why would they all give birth
and then kill themselves?
And where are
all the babies?
The victims had
all the risk factors
for postpartum depression.
Twenty-five percent
of low-income women
suffer from it.
Okay. You got three
Indian women, right?
All around the same age,
they all have babies,
and they all kill themselves.
I mean, postpartum
doesn’t explain it.
They had no support here.
No family, no friends.
There has to be some link
between these girls.
There has to be some reason
why they killed themselves.
I know you don’t want to
hearthis again, but I’m
gonna say it to you anyway.
It doesn’t matter how many
you find a reason for.
It wasn’t your fault.
Hey.
We found Medicaid bills
for Rajal Lamba,
the third suicide.
She was discharged
from the obstetrics ward
at a hospital in Virginia.
Loker wanted me to tell you
that he got you back in
withJoseph Hollin.
Thanks.
[Barking]
My daughter
had nothing to do with this.
I betrayed her.
- You don’t believe that.
- Well, it happens to be true.
Your daughter’s filled with
pent-up guilt about something,
and it’s not about the money.
I think she feels guilty
because she’s letting you
take the blame.
I’m calling my lawyer.
Before you call your la wyer,
you should know that unless
you tell us the truth...
we’re going to the SEC.
to tell them that
we think she’s involved.
I stole the money.
That’s not true.
You didn’t steal it.
/t was her.
She stood there acting
like we were persecuting
your family.
I mean, what is she?
Some sort of sociopath
with no conscience?
Loker, give us a minute.
Mr. Hollin—
Imagine your husband
or your sister
made a mistake...
and you knew you could
make a small sacrifice
to protect them.
The worst lies we tell
are out of love.
But I’d want my family
to learn from their mistakes.
I’ll get her to give you
the names and accounts of shell
companies holding the money,
but only if
you’ll make me a guarantee.
You’re gonna
let him go to prison
for his daughter?
We’re gonna get these people
their pensions back,
their livelihoods.
That’s what matters.
What does that say
to all ofthe Bernie Madoffs...
and all ofthe Carolyn Hollins
waiting in the wings?
You think the victims
should just lose everything?
You have to put these people away,
or they will keep
coming back like a cancer.
You cannot let them think
they can do this
and not get punished.
When you’re the boss,
make whatever call you want.
Hey.
Ah.
Rajal Lamba was discharged
four weeks ago,
but the baby’s still here
for an ongoing lung condition.
Miss Dale?
This way.
Which one is he?
He’s almost fully recovered.
He’ll probably be discharged
in the next few days.
There must be some mistake.
This baby’s white.
So is
his biological mother.
Is there something wrong?
Is this your baby?
Yes.
Robert’s my son.
Ma’am, I’m from
the US. Attorney’s office,
and we’re investigating
the death ofa woman
named Rajal Lamba.
Rajal’s dead?
Yeah.
How did you know her?
She was my surrogate.
She carried Robert
to term for me.
She was a surrogate?
- What happened to her?
- Well, she killed herself.
- Oh, my God!
- How did you find her?
How did you...
become connected?
Through
this on/ine registiy.
Surrogacy is very expensive—
60 or 70 thousand dollars.
This registry
was able to do it for us
for less than $10,000.
Do you know
where Rajal was living?
What ifall three women
were surrogates?
It would explain
why we haven’t located
any oftheir babies.
- [Shouting] P.D.!
- [Women Screaming]
They’re all pregnant.
[Chattering]
Dr. Foster, I’ve been
trying to reach you.
I’ve got good news for you,
Dawkins.
Joseph Hollin is gonna provide
you with account numbers and the
names of his shell companies.
Dr. Foster, I’m soriy
/ didn ’t reach you earlier.
There’s been a major change
in the case.
What kind ofchange?
Hollin ’5 daughter is being
taken into custody.
She’s being indicted
for securities fraud.
Turns out Hollin
was co vering for her.
I— I don’t understand.
How did you discover this?
I really can’t
discuss the details
ofthe investigation.
Well, have you spoken
to Mr. Hollin
about the money?
Is he cooperating?
/ can ’t discuss
the details.
My office will call you
and close out your part
in the investigation.
[tine Clicks]
[Beeping]
t oker.
t ea I/e a message.
[Beeps]
Loker, call me when you get this.
Dr. Foster?
Yes?
Joseph Hollin is here.
Mr. Hollin.
You lied to me.
You said you’d keep
my daughter out ofthis.
I wasn’t the one
that had anything—
I was gonna make her turn over
every dollar, every asset.
She was gonna leave the business
and take care of her children.
We had nothing to do
with the SEC. finding out.
Ijust wanted to get these people
their money back.
Well, you won’t see
a dollar of it now.
[Man #7] This waynow
[Man #2]
Michael, / ’ve alerted Central
[ C hattering Continues]
What’s your name?
Chandra.
I need you to help me.
All right?
Did you know these girls?
Who are they?
That’sJaya
and that’s Dhara.
Why don’t you try and tell us
about them, all right?
They had their babies
just as I arrived.
That was the last time
you saw the sisters?
After their babies,
they were thrown out
onto the streets
like slum trash.
We were promised $5,000,
but he charges us
for rent and food..
and when we are finished
there’s nothing left.
What was his name?
He will come after me.
He can’t hurt you anymore.
He found me when I went
to renew my visa.
He works at Immigration.
These are notarized surrogacy
agreements for all the women
who were found in the apartment.
He set up consenting adults
with licensed physicians.
Those women
are all illegal aliens.
But they weren’t
when my client entered into
these surrogacy agreements.
They were all on visas
when he approached them
about his Side business.
Why is your client
so afraid to speak?
Ifyou want to charge me
with hiring aliens
after visas expired, go ahead.
How about with murder?
The Ashraf sisters
jumped offa bridge...
and Rajal threw herself
in front ofa train.
You created a world
for these women where suicide
seemed like the only option.
We can charge you
with depra ved heart murder—
callous disregard for human life
that results in death.
This is what you have?
Depraved heart charges are for people
who shoot a gun into a crowd.
There’s nojury in the state
that will convict him,
and you know it.
You exploited these women,
and then you threatened them.
Then you threw them out
into the street.
Howman y more had to die
before you ’d stop? Ten? Twenty?
What these girls did after
they were done working for me...
has nothing to do with me.
How could I know
they’d kill themselves?
My client Will plead guilty
to operating a business
without a license.
These other trumped—up
accusations are ridiculous.
You’ve got 10 minutes
to file your paperwork
before we walk out of here.
Can I talk to you
for a second?
Nice to see you too.
Follow me. Let’s go.
[Chattering]
I was hoping the threat was
gonna get something out of him,
but we can’t actually charge him
with depraved heart.
We’d have to be able to prove
he knew those women
were gonna commit suicide.
He knew.
When you asked how he could’ve
known those women were gonna
jump, his eyebrows went up.
How could I know
they’d kill themselves?
Eyebrows up means you know
the answer to your own question.
His eyebrows went up?
Did he also click his heels
three times?
That’s not evidence.
We need evidence.
I’m telling you,
he knew those girls
were gonnajump.
We have no proof.
Even ifwe could show
he mistreated those women
and we got them to testify,
all we could charge him with
is negligence.
I’m finishing taking
his statement, and then
we have to let him go.
Cal!
Dr. Lightman,
I got Personick’s
cell phone records.
He got a pay phone call a block
from the subway five minutes
before Ms. Lambajumped.
She called him.
There is no proof
it was Ms. Lamba.
She called him. She told him
what she was gonna do,
and he did nothing.
The definition of circumstantial.
Wejust have to ask him
the right question
under the right circumstances.
What circumstances?
We need to confront him
with her family.
We have looked
for her family for two days
and haven’t found them.
We have no case.
/ ’m letting him go.
I heard about
Carolyn Hollin’s indictment.
It’s unbelievable.
The victims
will get nothing now.
The pension funds,
the teachers union.
That’s terrible.
What?
t ook, / can ’t sit here
and tell you that I’m unhappy
she ’s g0ing to prison.
Loken
- You don’t think I had
anything to do with this?
- What am I supposed to think?
You told me to let it go,
and I did.
I’m supposed to think the SEC.
got onto Carolyn Hollin on their own...
a day after we made the deal?
Nobody else knew, Loker.
They must’ve found out
on their own.
The SEC. had been
onto this for months.
Call your people over there
and ask them.
He said he can’t discuss
how he got his information.
It’s very convenient for you.
Why would I lie about this, Gillian?
Thisjob means everything to me.
You think I want to lose it?
You’re deflecting.
Did you leak it?
Of course not.
Okay.
“Okay,” you believe me,
or “okay,” I’m not showing
any signs of lying?
Get back to work.
Hey, hey. Hey. Hey.
I need to talk to you.
- Yeah, what is it?
- It’s about the case I’m working on with Foster.
I heard the feds found out
about the daughter.
- I calledJustice and told them
about Carolyn Hollin.
- What?
No, no, no. No.
No, no, no, no.
You’re not telling me this.
You lied to Foster?
You stopped those people
from getting their money back?
Their retirements?
We cannot let people like Carolyn Hollin
get away with this.
Are you out ofyour mind?
Why— Why did you
tell me this?
- I had to tell somebody.
- Why me?
I don’t trust anybody else.
Well, you shouldn’t
trust me either.
Wh—
The y didn ’t catch you?
I took a sedative to relax my face.
I don’t believe this. You gotta tell them.
It’s the only chance you have
of not getting fired.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
They won’t find out.
Lightman will.
[Exhales]
By signing this,
you’re pleading guilty
to operating a business...
without a license.
After you sign it,
you are free to go.
Dr. Lightman?
We found him.
What’s going on here?
Who is this?
Sulman?
Thanks.
This is Su/man t amba,
Rajal tamba ’s lather.
Wejust picked him up.
He came in from Bangalore
to claim his daughter’s body.
He wanted to meet
with Mr. Personick.
[Speaking Hindi]
He wants to know
ifthi's is the man that
spoke to his daughter...
before she jumped
015‘ the sub way platform.
[Hindi]
His daughter called him.
She was sobbing.
And she said that Mr. Person/ck
had threatened to kill her
ifshe didn ’t jump herself
- That’s a lie.
- Let’s go.
- She didn’t call you?
- I never said I’d kill her.
Oh, yeah?
And she called you, right?
- I didn’t touch her.
- [ Hindi]
- But she called you, right?
She called you, right?
- My client—
She worked for me!
That’s all!
Why is it my responsibility
for what happens to her after that?
This girl was two blocks
from the subway!
She calls you to tell you that
she’s gonnajump in front ofa train!
You did nothing!
Yeah! So what?
That doesn’t make me a murderer.
I didn’t threaten her.
You didn ’t ha ve to.
You created the circumstances
that led to her suicide.
/t was
a depra ved heait murder.
I didn’t murder anyone.
You’re under arrest
in connection with the death
of Rajal Lamba...
for the charge of murder
in the second degree.
- What?
- [Man]
All right, let’s go.
- Come on, let’s walk
- This is not possible!
[Chattering]
[Phone Ringing]
You did good in there, Rohit.
Been a long time
since I spoke Hindi.
Oh, yeah, I’ll come by
the university next week...
and we can catch up,
huh?
Good to see you, Cal.
And you.
Hey. Do you need
anything else for tonight?
No, I’m good.
Okay.
Hey. You saw this
earlier, right?
Ofthe psych patient?
Yeah.
Just for a second.
Did you see the agony
she was hiding?
Yeah.
I’m sorry.
No, never be sorry
for something you see.
Did you know her well?
She wasn’t a patient, was she?
I think she was something... more.
VVhoisshe?
Get you some sleep,
all right?
[Whispers]
Okay.
What are you doing
in my room?
Uh, reading your diary?
[Groans]
I don’t keep a diary.
Liar.
How was school?
Tragic.
So what’s going on?
I want to show you
something.
Oh, where’s the popcorn?
What is this?
I want the weekend
to go home to my children.
It’s my husband’s birthday,
and, well, we always celebrate.
Are you feeling better?
E 1/er da y
Much better.
Is it Grandma?
Yeah.
[Professor]
That is wonderful
Yeah, it is.
How do you feel about
seeing your family again?
[Gasps]
So muchjoy.
I know I’m going to cry
when I see them again.
/miss them terribly.
You’ve never shown this
to me before.
No.
There’s something
I want to tell you, Em.